curiously questionable twisted absolutely
maybe the absurd will get it
a sense and where this question we go
therefore still in the broadcast after
We are looking forward to it now
about that they are our guests and
Welcome to Bonn from Bonn
your local time on this Saturday night
informative but also easy
Let's introduce you to these topics
weekend
It starts again the street carnival
the object it will be tight space at the
Bonner uni and it is laughed at
children's cabaret papperlapapp alaaf it
it starts again they go again the
jokes on the streets of the official
Status carnival is only on
thursday weiberfastnacht but some
places just can not wait for the
the vedes trains start already at this
weekend like today in bornheim
sechtem a deal as always no one
Record with 900 participants was like that
many like never before the mood
that was as always best if et
Trömmelche then goes all hour ready
also children of a kindergarten do not turnip
everyone is as active as the drummer or
the little melissa here in camels
action nils likes to relax
the cart
For 20 years, the breed has moved through 16
Trolleys are pushed by hand there are
only foot groups
That's the law, always at the forefront
hans-josef buchholz only for the zoo
can
It has never rained and even though
it shook vigorously at noon today
the train was dry again yes that
We have been lucky for 19 years
Twentieth moved completely every time
Dry shrillest troop in the train
the pink veen
behind it is a football
hobby team an unusual one
fumble for footballers but they play
really in pink they won
football shirts whiskey pink and then
missing that fits great as leave yours
friends stolen from the wardrobe
three specific parts then what then
above all, sniff judgment or yourself
even without that they do not
a colorful mix with 900 participants
the 16 was so full this year
like no other camel collectors came full
at their expense not only the little ones
but also the big ones the diesel
medieval troupe had the hearty
Idea of ​​friction cake instead of sweets
by now people are so into it
that they are not constantly looking for dk anymore
bend over the whole make or rico and
In the end even the sun came out
that the 16 times the train already a week
Start earlier is because many
Groups are bound about Carnival before
all the musicians a prince couple
by the way, 16 had never existed before
instead, the six projects load
always the great things from the
neighborhood
and so it was for the mountain chains
a successful start in the
street carnival did indeed great idea
Never say rubbing cake in
carnival parade one could say that could
idea of ​​the session
Let's see if that somewhere else soon
maybe you also find nice things